Before I go to work or go witnessing,
I wake up, grab a coffee,
sit in my chair, and I check jw.org.
I think it’s important
because it helps us to keep informed
with what our brothers are going through.
When I read about my brothers and sisters
facing trials,
I just feel I want to do something
to help these brothers and sisters.
When Jehovah’s Witnesses
were banned in Russia,
a lot of negative, false,
and questionable information about us
began to appear in the media.
It was all so unreal.
It was hard to believe.
When the apostle Paul was facing a trial,
he was asking the brothers
to ‘exert themselves
in prayer to God for me.’
For our brothers going through jail
or through natural disasters,
they need all the support and help
that they can get.
We’re so close to the end;
we want our children to understand
what we might face.
We’ve done the videos on praying for others,
and the brothers have given us
good worksheets.
For family worship, we did some worksheets.
They might not know
that we are praying for them,
but Jehovah feels happy when I pray for them.
They have courage,
and I want to be like them too.
As a mother, I think it’s really important
for our children to know what’s going on
with others’ trials.
And if they can stop
and really feel for those brothers
and then offer a prayer,
they’re taking part in them being faithful.
It’s always encouraging
to pray for others
because you’re actually building
your relationship with Jehovah.
When you stop and consider
what others are going through
and how they’re being faithful,
that’s really built my faith,
and then I want to imitate their faith.
I was involved in a car accident,
and that impacted my life.
I have pain every day.
I was feeling lonely and depressed.
And while I was scrolling through the website,
I came across the Newsroom,
and I read about our brothers and sisters
—the things that they were going through,
the challenges they were facing.
If they didn’t give up
going through all those difficult times,
then I don’t have to give up either.
My sequence of prayer now
is to pray for others first
and then for myself last.
When we pray for others, it helps us
to build our faith in Jehovah
and trust in him
because we know that he has helped
our brothers and sisters
and he will also help us.
When the persecution in Russia began to grow,
a sense of uncertainty arose
about what was happening.
When we saw the news on jw.org,
we realized
that our brothers all over the world
knew about the situation in Russia.
Although we did not hear how brothers
from other countries were praying for us,
we knew that they were doing it
and cared about us.
The knowledge that the brothers
were praying for us
really strengthened us.
I knew that everything was under control.
When you know the problems
that a brother or sister is facing,
then our prayers are more sincere
and they truly come from the heart.
I must use every opportunity.
I must not let up
to pray for my brothers and sisters.
When we pray
and it’s for his name,
Jehovah answers our prayers.